floating-columnState (#174)
plotly/dash-ag-grid: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).
Links "DE#nnn" prior to version 2.0 point to the Dash Enterprise closed-source Dash AG Grid repo

## [unreleased]

### Removed

### Added

### Updated
- [#174](https://github.com/plotly/dash-ag-grid/pull/174)
  - `columnState` floats during grid interaction and only gets pushed when sent in a callback
  - `columnDefs` trumps `columnState` if it is pushed in a callback without a `columnState`

### Fixed
- [#174](https://github.com/plotly/dash-ag-grid/pull/174)

>   - `Markdown` renderer now will pass back `''` instead of `undefined` if there isnt a value

Reviewer: it passes back `null`, not `''` - but that's an implementation detail, what we want to describe here is the effect of this for users, perhaps:
```suggestion
  - `Markdown` renderer now displays a blank cell rather than writing `undefined` if there is no value. Fixes [#171](https://github.com/plotly/dash-ag-grid/issues/171)
```
